STARTUP OLÉ LAUNCHES ITS SEVENTH EDITION WITH GREAT NEWS AND OPPORTUNITIES
SUZANNA HAYEK  SEPTEMBER 8, 2021
https://irishtechnews.ie/startup-ole-seventh-edition-news-opportunities/

Startup OLÉ, the great technological event for entrepreneurs after the summer, returns more international than ever. The modality selected for this seventh edition has been mixed, being the 6th and 7th of September in digital format and from the 8th to the 10th in-person in Salamanca.

To facilitate access to all the content, Startup OLÉ’21 will be streamed in its entirety, completely free of charge and openly on its Youtube channel. Thanks to this, anyone who wished to follow was able to do so through a screen hundreds of kilometres away, or professionals can participate in person in activities that take place in emblematic buildings of the University and the Salamanca City Council, such as the Hospedería Fonseca, the Colegio Arzobispo Fonseca, the Auditorio de San Blas, etc.

The capacity will be limited and for professionals, allowing all the programmed activities to be carried out in order to guarantee the smooth running of the event. As a result, Startup OLÉ ’21 will be attended by 400 top international speakers from 36 different nationalities, who will participate in more than 60 round tables and seminars.

More than 180 startup projects and 30 ideas from university students will be showcased. The total number of nationalities is 44. The activities include a pitch competition, matchmaking activities with more than 160 one-to-one meetings, reverse pitch or outdoor networking activities taking advantage of the extensive facilities of the San Francisco park or the famous cloister of the Colegio Arzobispo Fonseca.

Startup OLÉ has become a large international platform that brings together all types of representatives of the entrepreneurial ecosystem who, especially in recent years, collaborate and co-create with the aim of providing solutions to the new challenges that arise, supporting the construction of a society with a greater degree of digitalisation, decarbonisation, sustainability and justice.

Startup OLÉ ’21 Guests
In its seventh edition, this event will have the great honour of being attended by Ms. Mariya Gabriel, Commissioner for Research, Innovation, Education, Culture and Youth of the European Commission, who will open the event in person.

In addition, Startup OLÉ will host important actors of the national and international ecosystem such as

Ms. Dubravka Šuica, Vice-President of the European Commission for Democracy and Demography
Mr. Victor Negrescu, Vice-President of the Committee on Culture and Education of the European Parliament
Ms. Carme Artigas, Secretary of State for Digitalisation and Artificial Intelligence
Mr. Tony Jin, Chief Representative to European Institutions of Huawei
Mr. José Carlos García de Quevedo, President of the Instituto de Crédito Oficial (ICO)
Mr. José Bayón, CEO of ENISA, Mr. Marcelino Oreja, CEO of Enagás, Mr. Juan de Antonio, CEO and Founder of Cabify
Vincent Rosso, Founder of BlaBlaCar and CEO of Consentio Platform
Mr. Francisco Polo, High Commissioner Spain Entrepreneur Nation of the Presidency of the Government
Mr. Carlos Manuel García de Carabayo, Mayor of Salamanca
Mr. Javier Iglesias, President of the Salamanca Provincial Council
Mr. Felipe Matos, President of the Brazilian Association of Startups (ABSTARTUPS)
Mr. Rubén Delgado, President of Softex
Ms. Liliana Reyes, General Director of AMEXCAP
Ms. Maha Alharbi, Communication and Business Development Specialist at Riyadh Valley Company
Mr. Pedro Cerdeira, of InvestorsPortugal
Bill Reichert, Investor at Pegasus Tech Ventures
Brian Marrinan, Partner at Team ABC, Christian Lopez-Baillo, EIF Representative in Spain and Portugal – Mandate Management
Viktorija Vanage, Founder of Profitus.


