BUSINESS PROFILE: KOBBA
ADEDAPO ADESHINA  FEBRUARY 19, 2021
https://irishtechnews.ie/business-profile-kobba/

Today, we take a look into the creative marketing agency Kobba

Describe the company – the elevator pitch …

KOBBA is a creative Marketing Agency based in Dublin and we partner with small and large organisations and work with them on a monthly basis by offering a unique end to end marketing service. Our sustainable marketing solutions both streamline our clients’ marketing activities and provide a secure peace of mind that they are working with a trusted and capable marketing partner.

How are you different?

KOBBA partners with companies rather than working on ad-hoc projects. We become an outsourced marketing department for our clients and eliminate the frustrations of dealing with multiple agencies and essentially becomes your centralised supplier for everything marketing. The key to all this is that we grow with your brand and most importantly understand it inside and out so there is a consistent level of understanding and communication between both parties.

Why will you do well?

Our honest and transparent approach to business has allowed us to flourish in the marketing industry. The unregulated marketing industry can cast uncertainty and doubt amongst clients and we have created long and lasting relationships with our new and existing clients. We work on a results-driven or goal-driven exercise with our clients. We don’t believe in taking money without being able to provide tangible results and why fall into the same category as so many other marketing agencies before. We deliver results, add value to our clients and this is what drives us to succeed in our work every single day.

Where are you based?

Greenogue Business Park, Rathcoole, Co. Dublin.

When was the company launched?

August 2018

What have been your biggest wins to date?

– DMA silver winner for Best Website Design
– 30 under 30 feature in independent.ie
– Neilsburg Accreditation – Top Marketing Agency Dublin
– Creating a trustworthy and successful marketing agency.

Who are you trying to attract to your product?

Our ideal client is a large organisation with a small marketing department that uses multiple suppliers to outsource their marketing needs and need to improve their marketing activities.

What tips would you give to others looking to build their business?

Always enter into a project or your business with an open mind and never think that you know everything. The moment you stop learning is the moment you may fail in business. Most importantly learn from your mistakes as they will make you stronger than ever in business. Those who learn from their mistakes and adapt will have very strong businesses.

Tell us about your team?

We have a total team of 9 currently and we are eager to build on this. Our creativity and strengths come from the people we have around us. In the marketing world, you need quick thinking, passionate and creative people around you, I’m glad to say we have a fantastic team around us who has helped build what KOBBA is today.

What are your plans for the future?

Global take-over….! We have our 5-year plan set this year and are confident we can meet the criteria. Ultimately what we want to create is an award-winning marketing agency that partners with or collaborates with global brands and has a world-class team of creatives working with us.

What are your favourite tech gadgets?

Our CTO Patryk Szafranski is the Tech genius and computers are the main gadgets in the office. Nothing standard enters these doors and he customises each one to suit the person using it. Computers, phones, cameras, smartwatches and smart cars!

What tech gadgets do you wish you could use to help you?

Automation of processes is something we focus on heavily and tech gadgets that can assist with this will always be an asset to KOBBA.

Anything else you’d like to add/we should have asked?

Thank you for your time and we have enjoyed the interview process greatly!

How do people get in touch with you?

Visit www.kobba.ie for more information on us and our services or email hello@kobba.ie

